---
title: Join Our* CSA
tags: food
image: 607-csa.jpg
show_on_homepage: true
homepage_position: 1
---

*It's not "ours" at all actually, but our friend Tianna who lives upstate and
runs the upstate Luncheonette is a farmer... and SUNVIEW is a PICKUP spot
(not in that way) MEANING you can PICK YOUR vegetables UP every WEEK here if
you JOIN NOW.

[Go here to join!](http://www.the607csa.com/)

### About the 607 CSA

The 607 CSA is a collaboration between real family farms willing to aggregate
product in order to offer our members the abundance and variety of the region.
Importantly, we're not middlemen, we're farmers, so the money you spend on
your CSA share will go directly to helping us run our farms. In fact, your CSA
share is likely to save us in the Spring when we have no other income.

The project is a collaboration between two small vegetable farms aided by a
neighboring larger veg farm for city transportation. It is primarily a veg
CSA, but we have also partnered with our neighboring farmer friends to offer
you season-long additions of pastured meat, eggs, cheese and more. Also,
throughout the season we will be offering seasonal a la carte items as they
become available. We will let you know about them through the member's e-mail
list and on the newsletter.

Also: yep, good guess; 607 is our area code. It's been a dream of ours for
some time to get a co-op, or farm club, or new grange scene happening. This
project, and the lucky dog food hub,  are a start in our region at formalizing
the organically collaborative nature of farming.

The BIG IDEA is simple: Working together and with your help, we small farms
can scale up in order to provide enough food to meet the demand and standards
of our communities without having to resort to industrialization or crazy
debt, or, likely, both.
