---
title: Cricket Concert & Potluck
event_date: 2019-02-01T19:00:00-04:00
main_image: /assets/images/cricket-concert.jpg
---

**Jude Tallichet, Adam Brody, and several thousand farmed crickets, plus a
performative lecture by Matt Freedman**

**Lecture at ~7:30 PM, Crickets throughout the night**

Join **Jude Tallichet**, **Adam Chad Brody** and their **crickets** for an
evening of music and chirps. **Matt Freedman** will kick off the night with a
performative cricket essay. Soup will be served along with cricket pancakes.
This event is speculatively post-vegan, free of charge, BYOB, bring something
to share.  Donations to help with costs will be happily accepted.

Tagged: Cricket therapy.

[Video of a recent cricket performance at Dixon Place](https://youtu.be/RWMVWfeIx_o)

About:

**Adam Brody** has been farming crickets in his Brooklyn apartment since 2016.
His cricket project explores inter-species relationships, crickets as a
sustainable and accessible food source, and the therapeutic benefit of cricket
songs. Adam has presented his crickets at The Free Library of Philadelphia,
Spring Sessions Residency, The Jordan National Gallery of Fine Art and Open
Source Gallery. His other projects include a self-help book about forming a
personal relationship with capitalism, a techno music group for babies called
Bounceh√§us, and a series of meditational pop songs, under the moniker Big
Beautiful Rectangle.

**Matt Freedman** is a sculptor, graphic artist, performer, writer and curator
with a background in cartooning and anthropology. His current work explores the
consequences when DIY versions of modern spectacles revive half-remembered
cultural myths. Solo exhibition venues include Pierogi Gallery (Brooklyn),
vertexList (Brooklyn), Studio 10 Gallery (Brooklyn), Valentine Gallery
(Queens), Flipside (Brooklyn), FiveMyles (Brooklyn), and SculptureCenter (New
York). Freedman has performed at PS1 MoMA (New York), the Brooklyn Museum, The
Kitchen (New York), Brooklyn Fireproof, Brooklyn Academy of Music at FiveMyles,
Galapagos Art Space (Brooklyn), and Flux Factory (New York). Freedman has
curated projects at SculptureCenter (New York), Long Island University Outdoor
Sculpture Exhibition, and PS1 MoMA (New York). He is the recipient of the
National Endowment for the Arts Grant (1991) and the New York Foundation for
the Arts Grant Fiction writing (2000) as well as the author of the graphic
journal *Relatively Indolent but Relentless* (published by Seven Stories Press,
2014).

**Jude Tallichet** lives and works in Queens, NY. She has had six solo
exhibitions at Sara Meltzer Gallery, NYC, since 2000. She has exhibited
nationally and internationally in venues such as the Konsthallen in Gothenburg,
Sweden, The Shanghai Biennial in China, The Busan Biennial in Korea, The Tirana
Biennial in Albania, the "Officina America" exhibition in Bologna, Italy, and
at Periogi Gallery in Liepzig, Germany. She participated in the inaugural
Greater New York Show at PS1 MOMA, the "Treble" exhibition at Sculpture Center,
and the "Brooklyn Next" exhibition at the Brooklyn Museum of Art. She has had
solo shows at the Santa Barbara Contemporary Arts Forum, the Burnet Gallery in
Minneapolis, Minnesota, and Robert Millery Gallery, NYC. She is Professor and
Program Head of the Sculpture Department at the Tyler School of Art, where she
has taught since 1987. Jude was a founding member of the band Ultra Vulva and
has collaborated on video and performance projects with a diverse collection of
artists and musicians, including Jeanine Antoni, Kristin Lucas, Doug Henderson,
John Harbison, and Henry Threadgill.
