---
title: Trammell-Santistevan Duo/Che Chen, Aaron Moore & David Watson
event_date: 2019-10-10T20:00:00-04:00
main_image: /assets/images/trammell-santistevan.jpg
---

Dave's Waves presents a terrific show featuring fantastic artists in a magical
space...

Doors at 7:30pm<br>
Music at 8pm

//Trammell-Santistevan Duo<br>
//Che Chen, Aaron Moore & David Watson

Trammell-Santistevan Duo<br>
2/3 of the trio In Defense of Memory with Laura Ortman, Marshall Trammell
(Black Spirituals) and Carlos Santistevan (High Mayhem emerging Arts) create
spontaneous music that defies categorization.

Marshall Trammell (Black/male/he/him/his) serves community interests beyond the
limit of the bandstand. He is a mid-career, multidisciplinary, visionary artist
keenly focused on investigating social practices, sensemaking, and aesthetic
technologies embedded in indigenous design principles and weaponizing culture,
Born in the early 1970’s, Trammell grew up marveling at the deep ridges the
Ko’olau Mountain Range in Kaneohe, on Oahu, Hawai’i, experiencing the many
narratives embedded in folkloric arts, crafts and complimentary tales. He is a
multi-percussionist centered in African and Diasporic principles. Today he
performs research and political education internationally from a platform for
embodied social justice vernacular, organizational strategy, alternative
infrastructure and solidarity economic development. Trammell is an improvising
musician & self-styled Music Research Strategist with with deep roots in
Creative Music scene and PIC Abolitionist work in and around the San Francisco
Bay Area.

Trammell attended the Electronic Arts MFA program at Rensselaer Polytechnic
Institute (2004-06) and an ever-growing list of collaborations and projects,
including Zachary James Watkins, Laura Ortman, Dohee Lee, Jawwaad Taylor, Lisa
E. Harris, Ingebrigt Haker-Flaten, Carlos Santistevan, William Fowler Collins,
Aaron Turner, Sharmi Basu, Torji Dori, David Murray, Raven Chacon, Saul
Williams, Pauline Oliveros, India Cooke, Genny Lim, Francis Wong, Jon Jang, Jon
Dietrich, and more. He presents his works through East Side Arts Alliance,
Southern Exposure (SF), Charlotte Street Foundation, and The Museum of Human
Achievement. He is an Intercultural Leadership Fellow (2018-19) and a member of
the Solidarity Research Center.. This year his work brings to Mexico City,
Kansas City, Valladolid (Spain), NYC and Vancouver (BC). He will come to
Albuquerque during his Status Quo Is My Enemy tour wherein he renders
transformative justice frameworks as Improvised Music to be translated into
community accountability practices with language, aesthetics, and political
education.

Carlos Santistevan is a musician, sounds engineer, producer, and organizer.
Since 2001, he has helped establish an oasis of creative music in the high
desert southwest as the director of the High Mayhem Emerging Arts collective
based out of Santa Fe, NM. Using an upright bass and electronics he creates
soundscapes and spontaneous compositions from the extremes of acoustic and
electric music. Early influences of punk rock and free jazz have led him to
develop a unique approach to music and improvisation. He has performed at
venues such as The High Zero Festival, Outsound Creative Music Festival, Ende
Tymes Festival, The Olympia Experimental Music Festival, High Mayhem Festival,
The Outpost Performance Space, Hemlock Tavern, The Empty Bottle and more
performing with such artists as: Roscoe Mitchell, J.A. Dino Deane, Chris Jonas,
Henry Grimes, Nicole Mitchell, Tania Chen, HEALTH and more. Carlos is a
seasoned improviser and a member of diverse ensembles such as iNK oN pAPER, The
Late Severa Wires, In Defense of Memory, Out of Context, Black Iron Trio, Taiji
Pole and more.

Che Chen, Aaron Moore & David Watson, playing together as a trio for the first
time,  using a range of sounding objects – strings, skins, reeds, electronics
and various other outdated ephemera – to cook up something for you in this
esteemd kitchen. They bring their experiences in Volcano the Bear, Gospel of
Mars, 75 Dollar Bill, reinventing the dudelsac, and much much else. You bring
your appetite.

