---
title: "2 Duos: Asha Sheshadri / Michael Foster and Cecilia Lopez / Joe Moffett"
event_date: 2019-09-06T20:00:00-04:00
main_image: /assets/images/two-duos.jpg
---

**Asha Sheshadri** is a New York based artist. Her multivalent work commingles
memory construction, questions of citation and translation, and lost or
silenced histories and diasporas. In her essayistic videos, recordings and
performances, she layers her own voice with original writing, text sourced from
found documents, places, and people she admires, creating environments of
musical and non-musical artifacts alike. She was an affiliated fellow at the
American Academy of Rome, earned an MFA from the University of Pennsylvania,
and is an alum of the Whitney Independent Study Studio program. Her work has
been exhibited and performed at spaces including the Artists' Space, Vox
Populi, and the MIT List Visual Arts Center. To date, her recordings have been
released on Further Records, Entr'acte, and Recital Program, with a forthcoming
work to be released on the Anomia imprint.

**Michael Foster** is a saxophonist and multi-instrumentalist working in the
fields of free improvisation, noise, free jazz, experimental composition,
video, performance art, and other forms of "weird music." Foster utilizes
extensive instrumental preparations, augmenting his saxophone with
amplification, objects, balloons, drum heads, vibrators, tapes, and samples as
a method of subverting and queering the instrument’s history and traditional
roles. In addition to his work as a performer he is also active as a curator
throughout New York City, co-founding "Queer Trash," a curatorial collective
focusing on providing visibility to LGBTQIA+ performers engaged in experimental
performance practices. His current projects include duos with Ben Bennett,
Claire Rousay, Leila Bordreuil, Lydia Lunch, and The New York Review of
Cocksucking, he also often performs with Weasel Walter, Sarah Hennies, Marina
Rosenfeld, William Parker, and many others.

**Cecilia Lopez** is a composer, musician and multimedia artist from Buenos
Aires, Argentina currently based in New York. Lopez studied composition with
Carmen Baliero and Gustavo Ribicic. She holds an MFA from the Milton Avery
Graduate School of the Arts, Bard College and an MA from Wesleyan University in
composition (2016). Her work has been performed and exhibited at Museo de Arte
Moderno de Buenos Aires (AR), Center for Contemporary Arts (Vilnius,
Lithuania), Festival Internacional Tsonami de Buenos Aires (Argentina),
Roulette Intermedium, Issue Project Room, Floating Points Festival, Ostrava
Days Festival 2011 (Ostrava, Czech Republic), MATA Festival 2012 (NY),
Experimental Intermedia (NY), Fridman Galley (NY), Kunstnernes Hus (Oslo,
Norway) and Ende Tymes Festival (NY), Festival Punto de Encuentro organized by
the Asociación de Música Electroacústica de España (Spain), and the XIV Cuenca
Biennial, among others. She was a Civitella Ranieri fellow in 2015 and has
participated in various residency programs such as Atlantic Center for the
Arts, Ostrava Days Institute, Harvestworks, and Rupert Residency. She has
collaborated in projects with Carmen Baliero, Carrie Schneider and Lars
Laumann, among others.

**Joe Moffett** approaches his work with a keen interest in unconventional
sounds and forms, collective improvisation/composition, and the intersection of
action and stillness. He is a co-founder of several projects, including ambient
improv trio Earth Tongues (whose third album, *Atem*, will be released in the
fall of 2019 on Neither/Nor Records) and the avant-art song duo Twins of El
Dorado, in addition to performing frequently as a solo artist. His first
official solo album, *More of It and Closer*, was released on Tubapede Records
in the fall of 2018. He has also appeared as a co-performer with a number of
artists and projects including Yoshi Wada, Joe Morris, and Tredici Bacci. His
material appears on Neither/Nor, Underwolf, Eh?, NotTwo, Tubapede and Prom
Night Records.


