---
title: "Book Release and Conversation w. Sam Gould and Marlon James PLUS music by ** peepers **"
event_date: 2023-11-17T18:00:00-04:00
main_image: /assets/images/sam-gould-marlon-james-peepers.jpeg
---

**Book Release, Concert & Conversation:**

**Sam Gould with Marlon James**

Music by *peepers* (Tianna Kennedy & Benedict Kupstas)

Friday, November 17, 2023<br>
6 PM – 11PM<br>
SUNVIEW

We are so excited to have Minneapolis-based [Confluence
Studio](https://www.confluence-studio.org/) Director and Co-Founder and early
Sunview-er **Sam Gould** join us this week for a conversation with **Marlon
James** on occasion of the release of a new collection of essays by Gould
titled *America Composes Itself*, published by [Publication Studio /
Hudson](https://www.publicationstudio.biz/studios/hudson/). Books will be
available for purchase. Music by peepers to follow. BYOB.

Written, roughy, between 2014 - 2018 Gould's essays sketch out a shifting
American consciousness on the brink of destruction—or, maybe, radical
transformation. Many of these essays began to take shape in Beyond Repair's old
space, *Transmission*, in South Minneapolis' Midtown Global Market. At the time
author Marlon James was often sitting across from Sam Gould at work on his
novel *[Black Leopard, Red
Wolf](https://www.penguinrandomhouse.com/books/561305/black-leopard-red-wolf-by-marlon-james/)*.

Here's what the publisher has to say about the event:

*Upstate cider will be drunk, glowing conversation will be had, music by Tianna
Kennedy, Benedict Kupstas (peepers) and friends will be enjoyed, and rats
avoided (as space and rats allow). Freshly bound books will be available for
sale. We will read together and also listen to the author's debut performance
of "Imagine, Mr. Speaker, a World without Balloons!!" Intrigued?  Of course you
are! You are an American, meddlesome and impious. ~PS HUDSON*

**About**

An artist, writer, and editor / organizer, **Sam Gould** co-founded the
cultural collaborative Red76 (2000 - 2015), an artistic and social
configuration on the forefront of the burgeoning movement that became known as
Social Practice. Focused on ideas around publication as an act of public
making, his work often centers aspects of sociality, education, and
encountering the political within daily life. In 2015 he established Beyond
Repair, an “expanded publication,” functioning as a long now site of
questioning and social collaboration with the aim to move past the rhetoric of
“people and places that need fixing,” and towards a space of reflective
self-determination and collaborative creation among his neighbors in
Minneapolis’ 9th Ward. In the orbit of Beyond Repair he is the director and
co-founder of Confluence: An East Lake Studio for Community Design along with
longtime collaborator Duaba Unenra. An incubator for Social Craft, Confluence
Studio believes “neighbors make neighborhoods, people make place.” Gould was a
founding faculty member within the graduate department for Social Practice at
the California College of the Arts, the first such department to be established
in the United States, as well as a full-time visiting professor at the School
of the Museum of Fine Arts, Boston. He was a recipient of a 2014 McKnight
Foundation Visual Arts Fellowship and a 2017 McKnight Foundation Mid-Career
grant. He has lectured extensively within the United States and abroad at
institutions such as Harvard University, the New Museum, and SF MoMA; held
residencies at the Headlands Center for the Arts, The Luminary, Villa Montalvo,
and elsewhere; and has had projects commissioned by institutions such as
Creative Time, the Walker Arts Center, Printed Matter, Yerba Buena Center for
the Arts and many others. The complete issues of Journal of Radical Shimming,
the publication that he edited and designed for Red76, is in the collection of
the Museum of Modern Art in New York City. A collection of essays and
conversations, America Composes Itself, is set to be published in the spring of
2023 through Publication Studio.

**Marlon James** was born in Jamaica in 1970. He is the author of the *New York
Times*-bestseller *[Black Leopard, Red
Wolf](https://www.penguinrandomhouse.com/books/561305/black-leopard-red-wolf-by-marlon-james/)*,
which was a finalist for the National Book Award for fiction in 2019. His novel
*A Brief History of Seven Killings* won the 2015 Man Booker Prize. It was also
a finalist for the National Book Critics Circle Award and won the OCM Bocas
Prize for Caribbean Literature for fiction, the Anisfield-Wolf Book Award for
fiction, and the Minnesota Book Award. It was also a *New York Times* Notable
Book. James is also the author of *The Book of Night Women*, which won the 2010
Dayton Literary Peace Prize and the Minnesota Book Award, and was a finalist
for the 2010 National Book Critics Circle Award in fiction and an NAACP Image
Award. His first novel, *John Crow’s Devil*, was a finalist for the *Los
Angeles Times* Book Prize for first fiction and the Commonwealth Writers’
Prize, and was a *New York Times* Editors’ Choice. James divides his time
between Minnesota and New York.


<img src="{{ site.baseurl }}/assets/images/sam-gould-america-composes-itself.png" />
