---
title: Oceanic Sound Seminar 2
subtitle: Sounds of the Sea for Solidarity
event_date: 2025-07-12-12:00:00-04:00
main_image: /assets/images/2025-07-12-sounds-of-the-sea-for-solidarity.png
---

**Oceanic Sound Seminar 2: Sounds of the Sea for Solidarity<br>
Saturday, July 12, 2025**

**12-5 pm - At The South Street Seaport Museum**

Join us for Sounds of the Sea for Solidarity, an immersive sound experience presented across the South Street Seaport Museum campus in celebration of City of Water Day. This day-long program invites you to become entangled with the waters of New York Harbor through five participatory, artist-led sonic installations and performances that explore solidarity with more-than-human life in and around the sea.

Throughout the Museum and aboard the historic 1885 tall ship Wavertree, artists **Eugene Lew, Suzanne Thorpe, Cal Fish, Becca Rodriguez, Marina Zurkow & Anna Rose Hopkins**, and **Dylan Gauthier** offer meditative and multisensory experiences shaped by field recordings, live interventions, soft sculptures, tape, and underwater acoustics. 

The day culminates in a collective, improvised composition by the artists (3–4pm), performed in the resonant hull of the Wavertree—a “community hour” in sound that builds solidarity through deep listening and shared presence with the sea.

**7 pm - Sunview at the Acropolis** Come to a community dinner and listening session at the [Sunview at the Acropolis](https://www.thesunview.org/) to close *Oceanic Sound Seminar #2: Sounds of Solidarity for the Sea*, a day of sound installations at South Street Seaport. The evening offers space to reflect on tidal ecologies and the relational acts of listening, eating, and being together at the edge with a feast prepared by artist, voyager, & chef **Jean Barberis**. Free/by donation. BYOB. RSVP Required for entrance & address to hello@thesunview.org.

**Bios**

**Jean Barberis** is a shipwright, an artist, and a curator and occasionally a chef. His work revolves around collective initiatives and relational strategies. Jean co-founded Flux Factory, the arts collective and residency in Queens and is an active member of the boat building collective Mare Liberum. He lives and works on the waterways of New York City.

**Cal Fish** is a cross-disciplinary artist from New York. Their work is multi-modal and immersive, often employing interactive sonic tools in soft and social sculpture. Cal performs regularly around NYC and has toured to share work all across North America and parts of Europe. Listening and archival practices, electromagnetic fields, flute, fm hijacking, songs, oral histories, up-cycled quilts, conductive thread, comfort objects, and magical kinesthetic tools combine to create environments for critical play, ecological awareness, and expanded perception. Graduating from Bard in 2018, Cal has since shared work at venues including Chaos Computer, Philadelphia Museum of Art, and Brooklyn Academy of Music. Currently Cal helps run the Living Gallery in Brooklyn where they regularly organize/host multimedia events, sews upcycled clothing in their home studio, and runs the phone line media label [Call Waitn](https://callwaitn.bandcamp.com/album/cursed-image).

**Anna Rose Hopkins** is an actress, interdisciplinary storyteller and culinary artist. Film/TV credits include High Maintenance (HBO), Orange is the New Black (Netflix), Dark Night (dir. Tim Sutton), Amos’ World (dir. Cécile B. Evans), Gregory Go Boom (dir. Janicza Bravo), and Shame (dir. Sir Steve McQueen). Immersive storytelling collaborations have been produced by ICA San Diego, the Guild of Future Architects, the Rockefeller Foundation, FoodxFilm Festival, PBS, KCET, Tastemade, UCLA IoES, Rice University, Swissnex SF and the Barbara Seiler Gallery. Anna Rose is chef and partner at Hank and Bean. In 2020, Anna Rose cofounded LA based food justice non-profit Farm2People where she is currently the Executive Director.

**Dylan Gauthier’s** research-based and collaborative projects explore the intersections between ecology, architecture, landscape, and community-based public art. Gauthier's individual and collective projects have been exhibited at the Centre Pompidou, Musée national d'art moderne, the Parrish Art Museum, CCVA at Harvard University, the 2016 Biennial de Paris (Beirut), (New York:) the Center for Architecture, The International Studio and Curatorial Program, the Chimney, the Neuberger Museum at SUNY Purchase, Columbus College of Art and Design, the Walker Art Center, EFA Project Space, and other venues in the US and abroad.  His writings about art and public space have been published by De Gruyter, Contemporary Art Stavanger, Parrish Art Museum, Urban Omnibus, Art in Odd Places, and Routledge/Public Art Dialogue, among others. [http://dylangauthier.info](http://dylangauthier.info)

**Eugene Lew** is a graduate of P.S.124 Manhattan, and a former resident of the Smith Houses who patronized the Fulton Fish Market with his grandfater. He often interacts with people, places, sounds, and things. [hungrymonsters.net](http://hungrymonsters.net/)

**Becca Rodriguez** is an artist from Florida/Georgia currently based in Brooklyn. Recently, Becca was a volunteer at the Amphibian Foundation in Atlanta working in their nursery towards reintroduction efforts of endangered frogs and salamanders. Watery eggs and earthen vessels are persistent motifs in Becca’s ceramic, textile, and sonic installations, becoming elemental altar work to extant, extinct, and fictitious ecosystems. [https://beccarodriguez.github.io/bug-world/](https://beccarodriguez.github.io/bug-world/)

**Suzanne Thorpe** is a performer, sound artist and scholar. She couples critical listening with acoustic ecology, improvisation and technology to craft emergent and immersive sound engagements with electronic and acoustic instruments. Her soundscapes slip fluidly between ambient saturation and punctuated instances of temporal intensity and possible melody. With her practice, Thorpe reveals dynamics within human cultures and nature's systems, inviting discourse amongst ourselves and our environment to support interspecies empathy, understanding and climate advocacy. She has performed and exhibited internationally and has contributed to a significant discography as a founding member of the critically acclaimed American group Mercury Rev. She has received numerous grants, awards and residencies, and has had the distinct pleasure of performing with a heady roster of wonderful performers and improvisers worldwide. Thorpe's current research focuses on the impact of human-made noise on oyster reef restoration by listening with oysters. She is currently Assistant Professor of Sound Studies at Manhattan University, a Visiting Scholar at NYU, and remains co-founder and director of TECHNE, a nonprofit arts-education organization dedicated to dismantling social and cultural barriers in technical learning environments. You can learn more about Thorpe at [www.suzannethorpe.com](http://www.suzannethorpe.com/) and the oyster project at [www.oysterslisten.com](http://www.oysterslisten.com/). 

**Marina Zurkow** is an American visual artist based in New York City who works with media technology, animation and video. Some of the less traditional mediums are known to be dinners, life science and bio materials. Her subject matter includes individual narratives, environmental concerns, and reflections on the relationship between species, or between humans, animals, plants and the weather. Her artworks have been seen in solo exhibitions at DiverseWorks in Houston Texas and at FACT in Liverpool. Zurkow is the recipient of a Creative Capital grant and has had fellowships from the Guggenheim and the Rockefeller Foundation. Her current exhibition *Parting Worlds* is on view at the Whitney Museum of American Art until January 2026.
